Fixed typos in KOF (#68)
k0rdent/docs: docs/admin-kof.md

```
           ┌────────────────┐
           │   Management   │
           │   UI, promxy   │
           └────────┬───────┘
                    │
             ┌──────┴──────┐
             │             │
        ┌────┴─────┐ ┌─────┴────┐
        │ Storage  │ │ Storage  │
        │ region 1 │ │ region 2 │
        └────┬─────┘ └─────┬────┘
             │             │
      ┌──────┴──────┐     ...
      │             │
┌─────┴─────┐ ┌─────┴─────┐
│ Collect   │ │ Collect  │

> │ managed 1 │ │ managed 2│

Reviewer: Almost!
```suggestion
│ Collect   │ │ Collect   │
│ managed 1 │ │ managed 2 │
```
Use the "three dots - View file" - https://github.com/k0rdent/docs/blob/44a9d1ffe412e210ebd9338c116aa12f24829d78/docs/admin-kof.md

1. Look through the [default values](https://github.com/k0rdent/kof/blob/main/charts/kof-storage/values.yaml) of the `kof-storage` chart.

> 2. Apply the quick start example for AWS, or use it as a reference.

Reviewer: See https://github.com/k0rdent/docs/pull/59#discussion_r1947144304

```suggestion
First look through the [default values](https://github.com/k0rdent/kof/blob/main/charts/kof-storage/values.yaml) of the `kof-storage` chart.

Now apply the quick start example for AWS, or use it as a reference:
```
...and update the numbers of the steps below to start with "1. Set the KOF variables using your own values:"

      --show-conditions all
    ```

> ### Child Cluster

Reviewer: OK, but please also find and replace all `managed` to `child`, and all `MANAGED` to `CHILD`, case sensitive, e.g. in `MANAGED_CLUSTER_NAME`, `managed-cluster.yaml`, and so on.

### Regional Expansion

1. Deploy a [Storage Cluster](#storage-cluster) in the new region

> 2. Configure collector routing to point to the additional capacity

Reviewer: "Additional capacity" is a bit misleading, as we expect one storage cluster per region.

I had to fix it in the initial draft, please fix it now:
```suggestion
2. Configure child clusters in this region to point to this storage cluster.
```
